OSDOCS-5577: oc-mirror tarball release note (#58085)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

* If necessary, you can set a custom admission profile on the namespace or pod by setting the `pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce` label.

[discrete]

> [id="ocp-4-13-oc-mirror-openshift-endpoint"]

Reviewer: @skopacz1 just checking, could these technically be considered features/enhancements, and be listed in the appropriate section above (installation and upgrade)?

Author: I discussed this point with the developers and it seems like notable technical changes is the most appropriate location for these updates. 

If you happen to be a user who could not retrieve this data from GitHub for some sort of compliance/security reason, maybe this could be seen as an enhancement. But to most other users, it doesn't really change or improve any part of the process as far as I'm aware.

Also, at some point, should "upgrade" in that enhancement section be changed to update? I think "update" is the preferred term in the glossary for consistency.

Reviewer 2: @bergerhoffer for 4.13 or all branches?

Reviewer: @JoeAldinger just for 4.13 would be great

=== The oc-mirror plugin now retrieves graph data container images from an OpenShift API endpoint

> The oc-mirror OpenShift CLI (`oc`) plugin now downloads the graph-data tarball from an OpenShift API endpoint instead of downloading the entire graph-data repository from GitHub. Retrieving this data from Red Hat instead of an external vendor is more suitable for users with stringent security and compliance restrictions on external content.

Reviewer: Is "graph-data" hyphenated or not? It looks like it's used both ways in this PR

Author: Good point, thanks. I'm not entirely sure, but I'll check and make it consistent in this PR.

> The data that the oc-mirror plugin downloads will now exclude content that is in the graph-data repository but not needed by the OpenShift Update Service. The container also uses UBI Micro as the base image instead of UBI, resulting in a container image that is about 85% smaller than before.

Reviewer: Removing future tense. Also, is the specific 85% critical to mention?

```suggestion
The data that the oc-mirror plugin downloads now excludes content that is in the graph-data repository but not needed by the OpenShift Update Service. The container also uses UBI Micro as the base image instead of UBI, resulting in a container image that is about 85% smaller than before.
```

Author: The specific value is honestly there because it seemed like specifying how dramatically smaller the file would be sounded "better" than just saying "resulting in a much smaller container image size." 

I'm happy to remove the specific value if you would rather it removed, the choice to include it was mostly subjective.

Reviewer: I mostly just worry about giving exact values (though I realize it does say "about"), just in case customers complain that their decrease in value is different. But I don't really have anything to point to saying you can't :shrug:

Author: Technically users can look up the sizes for UBI and UBI Micro and make the comparison themselves, so I'll just substitute "about 85%" with "significantly" and limit the possibility for customer complaints.

> These changes do not affect the user workflow for the oc-mirror plugin, so the process of using the plugin is the same as before.

Reviewer: Could probably drop everything after the comma.
